Package julia-ctags (#6)
JuliaEditorSupport/julia-ctags: README.md

This adds [Julia language](https://julialang.org/) support to [CTAGS](https://ctags.io/).

To install run
```julialang
using Pkg
Pkg.add("Interpolations")
```
or
```
] add JuliaCtags
```

> To obtain the ctags configuration file use `get_config()` which will create a file called `julia_ctags` in the current directory.

Reviewer: How about we make:
```suggestion
To obtain the ctags configuration file use `write_config(dir=pwd())` which will create a file called `julia_ctags` in the targetted directory.
```

Author: How about we split the difference? `write_config(filename="./julia_ctags")`

Reviewer: sounds great to me

> 

Reviewer: Need to split this section from the below,
and maybe briefly say how the created file is used in the below process.
